Allow Modals to optionally ignore the `Close` button when determining where to place focus (#54296)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/compose/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Breaking Changes

> -   Update `useFocusOnMount` to allow passing a callback as the primary argument. This allows for consumers to optionally implement custom focus handling. ([#54296](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/54296)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update `Modal` so that when passing `firstElement` as the `focusOnMount` prop it will optimize for focusing first element within the Modal's _contents_ as opposed to the entire component. ([#54296](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/54296)).
```
